[BKY-6541] Adding PTP information (#43)
blocky/attestation-service-examples: time/README.md

> Normally, the Blocky AS runtime does not provide sandboxed functions access to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before version 0.1.0.beta-9, the Blocky AS runtime does not provide sandboxed functions access to
```

the system clock. Instead, they are given a hardcoded time that monotonically 
increases by "1ns" for every subsequent call.

Starting with 0.1.0-beta.9, guest functions have access
to time from [`PTP`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Precision_Time_Protocol).

> Each time a standard library function, like `time.Now()` is invoked the system
> call results in Blocky AS runtime fetching time from `/dev/ptp0` device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each time a guest function calls a standard library time function, like `time.Now()`,  the resulting time system
call triggers the Blocky AS runtime to fetch current time from the `/dev/ptp0` device.
```

Reviewer: I think my suggestion will blow past the line character limit - could you adjust?

Normally, the Blocky AS runtime does not provide sandboxed functions access to
the system clock. Instead, they are given a hardcoded time that monotonically 
increases by "1ns" for every subsequent call. 

Starting with 0.1.0-beta.6, the Blocky AS runtime fetches the current time
from a remote time-server and provides these values to functions in the
sandboxed environment via standard system calls.

> Starting with 0.1.0-beta.9, the Blocky AS runtime fetches the current time

Reviewer: "fetches the current time" and "provides these values to functions" is a bit vague. I wasn't sure until the next of the paragraph whether each time sys call results in a call to PTP.

My suggestion here would be another pass. I would suggest a flow like: Starting with beta.9 guest functions have access time from PTP (wiki link). Each time a host function invokes `time.Now()` the system call results in Blocky AS runtime fetching time from /dev/ptp0 device. Read more about this design in the article.
